[SOUMA] The Elfrieden
Kingdom's total military force
is said to be roughly
100,000 strong.
The army, led by
Duke Georg Carmine,
numbers 40,000.
The navy, led by
Duchess Excel Walter,
numbers 10,000.
The air force, led by
Duke Castor Vargas,
numbers only 1,000.
Though, it is said that
one Wyvern Knight
is equal to 100 foot soldiers.
Furthermore, there's
the Forbidden Army,
which is composed of the
Royal Guard under the king.
Combined with private
armies of noblemen,
their numbers total
40,000 strong.
Also, there are hired swords,
dispatched as part
of the service contract
with the Mercenary State
of Zem under the leadership
of the Forbidden Army,
but their employment
has been terminated.
The reason being soldiers
who fight for profit
readily change sides.
They have only one loyalty.
Whoever pays most.
When a military force fights
for money and not country,
they do more harm than good.
Now then, to explain why
the Forbidden Army
is smaller than the
Three Dukedom's forces.
requires a bit
of history lesson.
The kingdom was
originally founded
when various races decided
they should join forces.
Humans were the most populous,
so one of their own became king.
But in order to preserve
the rights of the other races,
the top leaders of the three
armed forces over air,
sea, and land were chosen
from among these people.
It was a contingency plan
in case a human tyrant
were to begin oppressing them.
The system allowed the
Three Dukedoms' forces,
which outnumber
the Forbidden Army,
to resist them.
At a glance, this may
look well‐designed,
but a decision‐making
body split into groups
has many disadvantages
for a state.
For some reason,
when I contacted them
about my reforms,
the Three Dukes decided
to give me the silent treatment.
Because of these circumstances,
I had the freedom to take
some time off, and honestly?
I was actually enjoying it.
[KAEDE]
Out of the question!
And do not make
me repeat myself.
[HALBERT] It's not like you're
going to change my mind!
[SOUMA] Going off those ears,
maybe another mystic wolf,
like Tomoe?
No, she isn't.
That girl is a mystic fox.
Huh?
You can easily tell
by looking at her tail.
[SOUMA]
Uh...
[AISHA]
Clearly belongs to a fox.
Oh, right, definitely.
You wouldn't want to
mistake mystic wolves
for mystic foxes.
That's an easy way to
make both races mad.
Oh. Thanks for letting me know.
[SOUMA]
Other worlds are hard.
Of all people, I wasn't
expecting to see
Halbert Magna here.
[SOUMA]
You know him?
[LISCIA] He's the oldest heir to
the prestigious Magna family.
Ever since his days
in the academy,
he's shown himself to be
an outstanding horseman.
[AISHA]
Ah!
That's a challenge
I cannot pass up.
Now, Aisha, she said
he was outstanding,
not the best.
After graduating, he was
supposed to take a post
in the army.
Why's he in the capital?
[SOUMA] Hmm.
And what about the girl?
Dunno.
[JUNA]
That is Miss Kaede Foxia.
Actually, she comes in
here relatively regularly.
If I remember right,
she said that she was a mage
with the Forbidden Army.
I'm begging you, Hal! Please!
You mustn't go over to the
Carmine Duchy right now!
You know the Duke
is outright defying
the new king of Elfrieden.
Worst‐case scenario, we're
looking at potential civil war.
That's the whole
reason for switching.
If there's going to be a war,
this is my chance
to finally make my
mark on the world.
I hope you realize
there's more to war
than just advancement.
Your father's worried about you.
He requested you come
back because he doesn't
want you doing anything rash!
My old man has nothing
to do with this!
He served under Duke Carmine's
command for years!
But when it's time to
confront this new king,
my father refuses to fight!
Instead, he hides away
in the capital!
I don't have to listen
to a word he says!
He clearly understands the
situation better than you.
When it comes to Duke Carmine,
he refuses to heed the
king's call and stays
in his own lands.
It's insubordinate!
[KAEDE] He hasn't been
acting like himself lately.
If we fight amongst ourselves,
it only benefits the
neighboring countries.
The Principality of Amidonia
will do whatever it takes
to win back the territory
that was seized
by Elfrieden two kings ago.
Most of the Republic of
Turgis's land is frozen.
They want rich soil and
a harbor that won't freeze.
If a civil war breaks out, I
guarantee they'll invade us.
Duke Carmine
hasn't figured it out,
otherwise he wouldn't
be acting this way.
First, let's go over the
surrounding countries.
There are the nations
that border our kingdom
in the southeast end
of the continent.
They include the Union
of Eastern Nations
to the north and the
Principality of Amidonia
to the west.
To the southeast is
the Republic of Turgis.
Also, in the sea, to the east,
there is the Nine‐Headed
Dragon Archipelago Union.
Then, west of the
Principality of Amidonia,
lies the Mercenary State Zem.
There are no countries
with whom we have
friendly relations.
Four of them are
neutral while one of them
is hostile.
So, basically, we don't
have any allies.
[HAKUYA] With all due respect,
because of the chaos
from the Demon Lord's
Domain expanding,
this is not uncommon.
Presently, each nation is wary
of the others' intentions.
The truth is the only allies
they see as trustworthy
are their own tributary states.
[SOUMA sighs]
So, which territory's hostile?
Is it Amidonia? Zem?
Or perhaps Turgis?
[HAKUYA] First of all,
we can exclude Zem.
To be frank, the choice to
terminate the mercenary
service contract left
relations with their country
somewhat strained, but still,
I would not call them hostile.
However,
Amidonia is antagonistic
towards us,
and if we requested
reinforcements,
they would likely
send mercenaries.
Getting in some payback
while also getting paid,
is that it?
Come winter,
Turgis will be isolated
by the ice and snow.
So geopolitically,
they adopt a policy
of heading north.
But why north?
Right, I forgot in this
world it gets warmer
the farther you travel
in that direction.
[HAKUYA] They may be watching
carefully for an opening,
but if we gave them one,
I doubt they would
be openly aggressive
towards us.
Basically, we have to
guard against Amidonia.
Which is strange.
They did offer to send
assistance, if I remember right.
Yes.
"The stability of our
neighbor, Elfrieden,
is directly related to our
own national defense,
thus, if requested, we will
send reinforcements
to put down the hostile
Three Dukedoms."
As they so eloquently put it.
Thing is, it wouldn't
surprise me if they made
very similar offers
to the Dukes, as well.
"Let's work together to
overthrow the false king,
Souma, usurper of
the Elfrieden throne."
About right?
[chuckles]
Obviously their plan
is to exploit the strife
with the Three Dukedoms
so they can expand
their territory.
They'll see their chance to
send troops into our lands,
calling them reinforcements,
then capture several
of our cities.
Amidonia will weigh
their options,
whether their assistance to
Your Majesty or the Duchies
is more advantageous,
then aid that side.
[SOUMA] And after they've
occupied various cities,
they'll come up with some
reasoning to annex them
as part of their country.
Sadly, it's a rather
common tactic,
but quite effective nonetheless.
I'll bet.
This is a real problem.
Well, all the Dukes are
likely wise to Amidonia's
true motives.
So, regardless of how
much they dislike me,
they won't let themselves
be taken advantage of
by another country.
At least, I sure
hope that's the case.
There's still one issue, though.
How can the Dukes
needlessly oppose the king
when the neighboring
countries are looking for
any opportunity to pounce?
What are they thinking?
[SOUMA] Yeah, that is
the question, isn't it?
Duke Carmine isn't careless.
Whatever his reasons,
I trust him.
Even though you admit you don't
know what he has planned,
you're still more than willing
to blindly follow him
into battle?
For your information,
several noblemen
have given up on the king
and have combined
their forces with
Duke Carmine's army.
And do you know why
they're joining him?
They're upset the king has
exposed their injustices.
After having their
property confiscated
to pay for their crimes,
of course they have
an axe to grind!
If Duke Carmine is
taking those sort of people
under his wing,
then I have a hard time
believing his cause is just.
Well, it's not like he‐‐
Look, Hal.
I'm begging you.
Reconsider going over
to the Carmine Dukedom.
It's dangerous to side with
anyone who opposes this king.
Trust me.
A child, unproven
in combat, dangerous?
He's no match for
a battle‐tested hero
like Duke Car‐‐
Your perception of him
is all wrong!
Isn't my word good enough?
That man is formidable!
[SOUMA]
And what makes you say that?
An army's effectiveness
depends on the quality
of soldiers and supplies.
The same is also
true for a nation!
Our new king, he's
finding people to solve
the food crisis!
So, pardon, but why are we here?
[gasps]
Please don't tell me you're
going to arrest Halbert
because of what he
said back at the café!
The boy's harmless!
He's dumb, but he'd never
do something as stupid
as rebel against the kingdom!
[SOUMA laughs]
I think you have the wrong idea.
I... I do?
So why were you in town?
I got some time off
of work unexpectedly,
so I popped into Juna's café.
Oh. A much‐deserved break.
Enough games.
Are you one of Kaede's friends?
No, not exactly.
Then how about minding
your own business?
Now, Hal, you don't have
to be so rude to our‐‐
Be quiet!
Who asked your opinion anyway?
[KAEDE whimpers]
Hey, there's no need for you
to raise your voice at her.
I don't care if you
do know each other.
You butt out!
Whose fault is it that we're‐‐
[grunting]
I give! Call her off!
[KAEDE whimpers]
Aisha, that's enough.
Care to explain just
who the hell you are?
[SOUMA] I don't get a
chance to do this very often.
Time to get a little theatrical.
Why, Halbert, it seems
you've forgotten my face.
No! It can't be!
Ah! Your Majesty!
[SOUMA] Huh! How can I feel
guilty about being dramatic
when I got a reaction
that over the top?
K‐Kaede, you knew it
was him the whole time?
Then how come you didn't
tell me to shut up sooner?
[SOUMA]
Let's continue our conversation.
I'm curious, is your
intention to actually side
with Duke Carmine?
Well, I... That is...
I couldn't really blame you
if you chose to do so.
The same way a ruler chooses
and appoints his officers.
I believe those officers
have a right to choose
the ruler they're
going to serve.
Kaede, just how do
you know Halbert?
We're childhood friends,
Your Highness.
Childhood friends, eh? I see.
Well, Halbert, as I mentioned...
I'm not going to
stop you from siding
with the Three Dukedoms.
However, I'm sure
you already realized
an inevitable fact:
After I retaliate against
them for their betrayal,
you'll be forced
to fight your friend.
If I understand, Kaede's a mage
with the Forbidden Army.
Meaning that she's in a unit
that reports directly to me.
When you are out
on the battlefield,
do you think you'll be able to
raise your sword against her
should your two paths
end up crossing?
And even if you're not
personally responsible,
there's still a chance
someone else fighting
on your side might
end up taking her life.
In the heat of battle,
when you know she'll
be exposed to danger,
can you say without
hesitation you'll be fine
on the side of the enemy
and not being able
to come to her aid?
You don't have to answer,
but just know
that whatever road
you do choose,
it leads to a future
not that far away.
Before you're swept
up in the moment
and do something
that might prove rash,
just ask yourself:
What it is that you want,
what you truly desire,
for whom, and why you want it.
What I desire and for whom.
[LISCIA]
Just a little break, yeah right.
The moment she lied
down, she passed out.
[SOUMA] Sounds like she's
having a nice dream at least.
[LISCIA]
Say, Souma.
[SOUMA]
Hm?
Earlier, you seemed
really intent on trying
to change Halbert's mind.
And laying it on pretty
thick, to be honest.
Like you didn't want him
and Kaede separating.
[SOUMA]
Hmm.
Well, I mean,
I was just thinking
realistically about
what would happen
if they fought
on opposite sides.
You look tired.
Why don't you lay on my lap?
Huh? On your lap?
Don't make it sound weird!
Besides, um, this is supposed
to be a date, after all.
You do have a good point.
Not like it'd be out
of the ordinary.
Doesn't this make us
look like we're engaged?
Yeah. In name only, at least.
[LISCIA]
Name only.
[SOUMA] Don't worry about
the whole betrothal thing.
I'm only keeping the throne
warm for a little while.
After a few years, I'll probably
retire from this king gig.
Hey, do you...
Do you even want
to be engaged to me?
It's not very fair
to ask me like that.
Huh? And why not?
Liscia...
Are... Are you okay?
You know, being engaged to me?
Yeah, of course I am.
Don't read into that; I just
meant you're better suited
to ruling the kingdom
than I am, that's all.
You're fine being engaged
to someone you don't love
just because they're better
suited to being the king?
That's what it's
like to be royalty.
Maybe so, but I'm not royalty.
Not really.
Anyway, I would rather
marry for love's sake.
[LISCIA] So, in other words,
you don't like me.
Can you say for sure you'd
never fall in love with me?
[AISHA]
Pardon, but...
How much longer do you two
need me to keep pretending
like I'm asleep?
Told ya.
I'm pretty good at this.
I assume you're moving
him using that
"Living Poltergeists"
magic of yours.
Yeah, I must have leveled
up by using it so much
or something, because
now I can move up to
four objects with
independent consciousness.
[LISCIA] Impressive,
but out of everything,
this is what you're using it on?
[SERINA]
Your Majesty.
We have three visitors.
Glaive Magna,
head of the Magna family,
and his son, Halbert,
are here with Kaede Foxia,
a mage with the Forbidden Army.
The three of them are requesting
an audience with you.
[SOUMA] All of you,
please lift up your heads.
[GLAIVE]
Yes, sire!
Oh, wow, Halbert.
Looks like you saw combat
sooner than you were expecting.
I ask you forgive
my son's misconduct.
No, I beg you,
have mercy on him, sire!
By "misconduct,"
do you mean yesterday?
Kaede related the events
that transpired, Your Majesty.
From the abuse he
heaped on your lordship,
to his flagrant admission
that he would take
the side of the Three Dukedoms!
It's unforgivable!
Your Majesty's wrath
is to be expected,
but whatever punishment
you see fit to administer
should be mine alone
to bear for my failures
as his father!
[SOUMA] The blame should
fall on me for letting things
reach the point
where my officers
would consider defecting.
I won't censure him.
[GLAIVE]
Majesty!
[SOUMA]
And besides, by the looks of it,
he's been punished
enough already.
Such magnanimous words!
You are merciful!
Once we return to our mansion,
I will see to it immediately
that my fool of a
son has this lesson
pounded unto him by my own hand!
Yes, well, don't be too harsh.
Besides, I'm worried if
Halbert's rugged looks
continue improving...
[laughs]
I mean get worked over any more,
it might end up upsetting Kaede.
That reminds me.
I was going to do
this at some point,
but now's as good a time as any.
We might as well
get it over with.
Mage of the Forbidden Army.
Kaede Foxia.
[KAEDE]
Sire?
[SOUMA] It's obvious your
talents are being wasted
in your current position.
I order you to serve
under Sir Ludwin
as a staff officer
in the Royal Guard.
Yes!
Hold on, me, a staff officer?
What's critical is the quality
of our personnel and supplies.
That is what you said
yesterday at Lorelei.
I believe you and
I think quite alike.
I‐‐ Thank you very much, sire!
As for you, Halbert Magna.
I order you be transferred
to the Forbidden Army.
You want me in
the Forbidden Army?
[SOUMA]
That's correct.
You will be Kaede's adjutant,
where you will stand watch
by her side and support her.
Understood?
Yes, sire!
And with all that,
our business is done here.
[GLAIVE]
Your Majesty!
It pains me, but I'm
afraid I must request
a longer audience
before my departure.
Something is weighing on
my mind I feel I must tell you.
Tell me. I'm listening, sir.
[GLAIVE]
Well...
It concerns a matter I do
not wish many people
to hear, besides you, sire.
Might we clear the room?
[SOUMA]
All right. Let's hear it.
Sire.
This is surreal!
I can't believe I'm actually
having tea with the princess!
It would've been incredibly
dull waiting around
until Glaive and the King
finished their business.
This is a much better
use of our time.
Lovely idea, Princess.
Might I suggest that
our two guests provide
some insight how a young
lady and gentleman
can maintain such
a strong friendship
without certain entanglements.
I'm sure it will prove
most instructive,
given your situation.
Serina! Please!
Well, if it helps
Your Highness, then‐‐
No! She wasn't being serious!
[SOUMA gasps]
And now that
you've told me this,
just what do you expect me
to do with the information?
That's your choice.
I just wanted Your Highness
to be aware.
And I have completed my task.
This is heavy.